it's recording okay so this is the ipfs
all hands okay it's Monday the 16th of
October pretty sure and we have started
recording already
and now if people have some more agenda
items they would like to add right now
there is just one item and we have 60
minutes and also if you have some demos
you want to show us something cool that
will be awesome as well so please have
your again no items if you have it then
some first point I want to talk about
the Barcelona Hector that I am planning
to organize the preliminary dates is the
24th of October and still haven't
decided on my menu I am going around to
some places I'm gonna see how it looks
so we get a nice nice location but the
plan for the event is to have a couple
presentations and spend some time on
hacking on ipfs stuff so if you're
around in Barcelona
you're welcome to come and also if you
are not important or not the plan is to
set up some venue on I receive so we can
do mitts online and which remove people
as well so you're welcome to attend
remotely as well so that's it's anyone
questions or anything it's pretty clear
I think cool okay and then David wants
to take talk about priorities and peace
eros
one of them are we going to use another
from Florence the meetup in the past it
has been pretty successful like you know
calm yeah are you going to have a sweet
schedule is it going to be easy for
people to join when it's open I do know
that we have used meth up in us I am not
aware of any like shared account we can
use to
published months usually I'm used like
tittle to for the eternal ministration
stuff but it will be a good idea to meet
up as for to expand and also the
etherium meet up in Barcelona set up
they are willing to target us external
meter per cone weird like company flash
or structured to I created ups like
right now we have a bunch of middle
comms account creative but they have to
be focus on the shimmy because they will
literally for everyone in the city I
know it's like there is no idea fast
made of a comforter and so we have one
person one from Lisbon but if there have
been created with our personal accounts
so principally to can old feel three
meetups for free and then you have to
get into these great complex or a
program at the F which or you are
massive or it would not really be easy
to manage it is something that we should
evaluate for the future we are so a
clearing out with them so now - I
provide these tools for the community
but you should be able to create an
account I can attest Barcelona with your
life
normally mail address ok it should do
the job and if you have any so long you
can ask me all right cool ok any other
questions about the event or anything in
Roman okay then we love David speaking
about the parentage some pieces all
right so what I want to share and that's
for feedback is like this quarter is
already like 1/3 over we have a lot of
work to do we have a lot of friends and
historically we have like creative
background documents we kind of like
milestones and roadmaps and I benefit
repos we issues and I then use
what awards and law issues and we we
experimented a lot and right now it's
not like clear which tools strategy plan
we are going to use it is something that
we still have to figure out a little bit
better
however we do know that we want to
prioritize the things that weren't
important so if you have seen we pose
like Jessica fastened by profess you'll
see that there's level as well p 0 P 1 P
2 P 3 its order of importance p 0 is
more important P 4 is less importance
and Viktor last week further the tool
that populated all of the ipfs with you
to be able to formats and I kill the
repose with all these labels so now they
are available for everyone to use and
the way that we plan at least to do some
of the work on communicating the roadmap
is by leveling the issues which are very
critical for the project and that's kind
of like signal what we are prioritizing
so that everyone can help achieve them I
want to share with everyone what I'm
going to do to tie all of the labels
especially on Chesapeake as well and
each might be used for the Quietus
project as well or if I be used for like
infrastructure it might be used for
cluster I just want to share how am I
going to be able to handle tagging over
trying to repose may be over 2000 issues
so I like this my connection going
cleared for everyone I wouldn't make
sure all right when you see I can empty
a web page here's what word is unfolding
okay it's the world a we have a lot of
repos attached to a single board kind of
like oops it spends yeah so so I just
had victor added the label to I every
single River and so I went to broad
settings and I were two columns and I
created a new column and I I are equal
to zero but I'm going to create one and
then I select the label respectively she
waits like p1 and now I can go save
board view so now
the traditional think and then style
just like movie issues to the column so
I can like say our ad progress bar text
is p0 right
the tricky part is if I put it here now
waffle things all this label either like
this this issue is a p0 it's on the
window would be 0
that's Ryu SFIL but if someone starts
working on this the waffle board is
going to add move this from p0 to in
progress and then it loses the way bomb
so that's the problem what we need to do
is kind of like pouring annoying is we
actually need to do it all at once like
move all of the issues to the respective
columns and then once we are satisfied
with this thing we go to project
settings columns again and we delete the
color once we do this now waffle board
will leave the label there and do not
like change it anymore so what I'm
proposing is or this is a way to label a
lot of pitches for model repose because
if you like a clear view and you do this
once you create a column for this hero
with all beaches there then you delete
the column and then we freeze all of the
issues in a specific point like we take
a snapshot and we we map it out and say
ok from all the things in all the
projects these are the things that are
most important for all the projects like
let's focus on that for this harder and
yeah like what's this explanation clear
essentially what I'm trying to do is
make sure we have a way to tackle a lot
of issues very very quickly without then
the tool breaking the process any
questions I Samantha cherry picker so
how I mean this this works in the
beginning when we need to label a lot of
issues and he keeps on so I can also
view and everything but then after you
are deleting the column it doesn't
delete the tag right and then we just
see everything as in the background but
on the waffle board we have overview but
we no longer had seen the priority of
the issues unless you go into them right
true but there is I don't have the URL
here but there is a way to search on it
up search it's a search holidays are for
a level p0 and it gives you the list of
issues we had found that we will do that
outside waffle yeah yeah it's kind of
like not the best thing because we are
kind of trying to use something to show
priority using multiple tools but yes
for that for the future it would be good
if we could get a waffle somehow to
income and flight swimlanes
so in the we would have vertical columns
as well where we can have the program
routine and then we have the columns of
the state yeah one other way to to do
that just create another waffle board
the thing is like waffle board doesn't
want you to create beautiful waffles for
the same people so we could have like
ipfs I don't know q4 and then we're by
the columns and then we we destroy the
in progress and the done and I just like
p0 p1 p2 p3 and I gets a static and then
we had all four boards I could tag the
issues we priority and work to actually
manage from backlog ready to them it is
like then like you have to change things
twice and and again one other question
that I received is oh but like what
happens if you meet all the quarter you
have a new p0 that you have that's an
excellent question
because what we are proposing is we are
not necessarily going to focus on fixing
every single fire in the world we are
going to fix the fire that they
identified so far when we start this
project and we can work on your fires
absolutely but in order for us to be in
sync on the same page and priorities
like freeze
what are the p0 and then like every
their target focus on solving them so if
something else appears like can be there
we we have our priority of the
priorities
another quick question do we have this
long process written down in one of the
rebels not yet this is this is an idea
again this is not me doing it option
statement saying all the things I'm
going to do this this is me saying hey I
was asked with the task of living all
the issues with PQ's
that's really hard we could we have many
this is the thing I found to make the
process simpler and I wanted to share
with everyone that you'll have to do
this so that they can so maybe I don't
know like someone else that will after
this or similar team want to comment ok
you haven't thought about it anymore
there's no more questions we can move
your neck right just like we're all good
so let's see it seems like someone
stopping pointing a third gender point
but the person hasn't released other
pointing anything else so we can move to
demos in the meantime if someone has
something cool to demo something you've
been working on in the past week
something you want to talk about just a
showcase a nice image painting paint I
mean I could give an update that the
word they're working on the connection
posing stuff the actor that's network
has gotten really really big lately
still not sure why it's over seven
thousand years at this point and so yeah
we we have a connection post branch
working hopefully gonna merge it today
and people who want and start trying it
out then we're going to be merging in
supplemental features to it like a DHT
some code for the DHT to prioritize this
connections and it's one part Isaac
it's connections so on for the different
sub protocols but yeah hopefully
hopefully we get that in today or
tomorrow and then we can start trying to
figure out how to make like 8,000 nodes
update and it's impossible without you
can show it in action will not be
complicated to like I pick complicated
to do that I mean all I would be as me
showing you and I think that's not
starting up and then showing you the
number of tears I have and then try to
cause more peers to show up which might
degrade the quality all right we have
any other questions in closing I have a
question are we planning to deploy this
as hotfix for people to start using
because it's kinda impacting the
internal work yeah I mean the next
release hopefully we can get out another
release this week and if we do then that
would be a two-week release which is not
uncommon so any other questions any
other camels secreted do you want to get
more pearpad yes I hear or it looks like
okay it's going somewhere
not yet deployed like a new shiny design
is coming this week and next week right
now
so the background of pearpod is uh it's
a note-taking code snippet
- that's words on top of yjs if I'm not
incorrect for synchronizing like the
text and stuff it's like I can be but in
terms of up ideas
and hopefully we can start dog food man
as soon as possible
yeah so just getting the latest one here
we have done so I'm sure we can do this
before technologies yeah there is a
clear path core Thank You Pat UI Japan
UI is what touches core to inbound fill
which gives you like a nice text editor
will be rich text on back down and it's
actually creates something similar to
what have you seen on a hack feb or with
that it has some of the primitives in
place to be private to be to like share
links with other people that they can
not only read sharing a lot of people
that can not only they can read and
write
that's all kind of like an ACL to public
key crypto but again it's like things
are in place but until we have how dit
is it we'll call it alpha and have a red
banner saying this information but
that's the design making sure can be
used like peer to peer willing to the
real progress and that's no one can
exercise any data from people without
the creators are people charities
there's a why like there is like what -
there's a bunch of Sheriff
implementations - of the most
interesting ones or more developed is
yjs informed years and yjs has a really
nice plug-in feature so we got an IP
pass connector
alright let's like use that the best to
transfer the data and sort of a dummy
and that's how it's working
creating an optimized production builds
that I can deploy on me on IPs
okay we went to 85 my network chills all
right so this is the fan looks really
bad right now but like we are working on
very pretty don't worry
yeah because I probably cause it's not
an ipfs sorry there you go now it is
because I have previously used these
local walks 2004 another just the
festivals with the old people and so it
was breaking one over the other that's
always for good which was before
here's your web RTC start and I just
have to force it to restart no yeah I
get like a I bet here you the Mike stand
back down stuff like that I can if you
see here like the other name on the pair
these are like keys of stuff like one of
them is the key to ride for November the
key to
to read so messages he to ride means the
message at Sinai that key so other
people other peers validate the future I
therefore accept the message and put it
on a charity
the key to read is just like a symmetric
key because the messages so that you can
actually that's enough
you can have the key to read which is
again just keeping them and you might
not hesitate to write them and that's
what you get my good with annoyed
version is a read-only version same
thing I can be you can only see one
crumb right you cannot see the two
crumbs I know that first shirt correct
okay so let me share
you
now we see to be commuted now
a new battery is funny
you
I think his headphones died oh yeah and
okay they can hear you if you talk right
now I think a little louder you got
power now
but I don't think your headphones work
[Music]
no just keep talking and there's a
little feature is it working no it's
it's fine
you have power or is your pet died your
pets pretty angry the person 0-2 is like
mirja during this event it creates a
self-contained replica of whatever
distance so imagine my cube writing an
article again right but if you're
storing anywhere then you want to share
with other people with benefit
inspections just going to be loaded
so now keep a stash like doesn't require
alcohol it's like a team that's the
viewer and like the contents and you can
share that because a lot of people and
suddenly you're like publishing platform
that is completely peer to peer publish
articles to them so someone wants to
share some data but doesn't really want
to push the server we can even I can
relay them to be alright can you hear to
beat he can't put all relays okay if you
try to undo something does it does it
work and if so does it just undo your
local changes or will it on you other
people's rights as well
till right now as I said like we are
using will but Jess and filled up Jess
just receives the data from the charity
so we use courteous and so we'll go Jess
thinks that all the history that has
been written so far is from a single
user so if you write something and I do
controls me you want to do yourself
it is just like something we need to
change up will touch yes there is
separation of user okay okay
any other questions for the Oh Mikey yes
so how soon are we gonna be able to
replace hi candy it's about question is
how soon are we're gonna build a replace
hack and be with your pet again like I I
think I just came along we comfortable
recommending using claims making are
more just than using photography but
actually these visual aids so that
people can dress software not just trust
right so maybe alright for the questions
or should picture take it back over
again Steven II look deep in thought I
think you have a question any way they
could
so let's make sure we're gonna missed
anything in the agenda after the piece
who knows all right and that connection
closing we had a demo and that pure part
if we have anything else we would like
to discuss before shutting down this
call or any other demos device think
it's time time to close this meeting in
that case maybe it could could stop the
recording